20 years after it began protect tiger
had lost the interest and enthusiasm its
founders had shown
[Music]
in 1996 a new director renewed morale a
temporary respite began and ran Tambor
the big cats recovery from poaching was
remarkable the Tigers that thalmic had
studied and loved in the seventies were
all gone he had the chance to meet a new
generation one in particular captured
his heart a tigress called match Li this
was the period of time of the Lady of
the lakes much Lee's mother and Musti
was born in a litter and she grew up and
we watched her growing up and then she
sucked her mother's territory and became
the resident tigress of the lakes and
then she had her own little
one of much these litters was two male
cups so we were following them watching
them grow and milk cups are very
different to females it's like human
beings know they are much more
adventurous much more playful much more
aggressive and we watch this whole
growing up process and muchly really had
a problem you know keeping some order
and discipline into these to come the
flourishing of tigers in reserves such
as ran tempore and Connor reaffirmed
their ability to bounce back but in the
largest and most vulnerable of India's
habitats serious scientific research was
lacking
in 1996 a new scientific study started
in Panama under a couch under wat
rongkhun was undaunted by the low
numbers there the researcher was a
veteran of ten years shattering even
more elusive cats snow leopards we were
all very excited it was fantastic when
we this all started we had fantastic
support from the park management Raoul
used modern scientific methods for his
study of palace tigers he captured and
radio-collared the parks managers were
enthusiastic supporters they were
delighted when raghu's painstaking
research showed Tiger numbers there were
on the up
raku had colored seven of them he had a
clear idea of how many titles there were
it was one of these best recovery of
tiger population we were able to
document in recent history
you